feat: add managed contracts and `stellar-registry-build` (#322)
theahaco/scaffold-stellar: website/docs/quick-start.mdx

### 6. For testnet/mainnet deployment:

The registry has two namespaces: **verified** (requires manager approval) and **unverified** (open to all). Use the `unverified/` prefix for the unverified registry:

```
# First publish your contract to the unverified registry
stellar registry publish --wasm path/to/contract.wasm --wasm-name unverified/my-contract --binver "1.0.0"

# Then deploy an instance with constructor parameters
stellar registry deploy \
  --contract-name unverified/my-contract-instance \
  --wasm-name unverified/my-contract \
  -- \
  --param1 value1

# Can access the help docs for constructor parameters
stellar registry deploy \
  --contract-name unverified/my-contract-instance \
  --wasm-name unverified/my-contract \
  -- \
  --help

> # Install the deployed contract locally for use with stellar-cli

Author: ```suggestion
# Create an alias the deployed contract locally for use with stellar-cli
```

**stellar-registry** Manage contract deployment and versions:

```
# Publish to unverified registry (no approval needed)

> stellar registry publish --wasm contract.wasm --wasm-name unverified/my-contract --binver "1.0.0"

Author: ```suggestion
stellar registry publish --wasm contract.wasm --wasm-name unverified/my-contract
```
